modified information about groups (#1803)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Support: Outlook/Client/contacts/cannot-manage-distribution-group-exchange-mailbox.md

### Cause 2

> Distribution groups are configured to be managed by other distribution and security groups. Unfortunately, in Exchange Server 2010 and later, you could only use mail-enabled security groups or individual users to manage distribution groups. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Distribution groups are configured to be managed by other distribution and security groups. However, in Exchange Server 2010 and later you can only use mail-enabled security groups or individual users to manage distribution groups. 
```
